docs: clarified publishRelease config requirements (#325)
nuxt-community/sentry-module: docs/content/en/sentry/options.md

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_PUBLISH_RELEASE || false`

> - this option requires `SENTRY_ORG` and `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` set via [env/rc/properties file](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/#sentry-cli-working-with-projects)

Reviewer: Finding this a bit **too specific** since it mentions the ENV variables but if you are using the rc file you don't really work with those keys.

I'd suggest a more generic message like:

```suggestion
- This option requires the organization slug, project name and the sentry authentication token to be provided via [environment variables or a properties file](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/#sentry-cli-working-with-projects). So for example when using environment variables you'd set `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN`, `SENTRY_ORG` and `SENTRY_PROJECT`.
```

Author: Actually using `export SENTRY_ORG` also works for the rc file, but you're right with the properties file and the more general version is appreciated.
